Xu Yang
I'm late.
Sorry.
You don't have to apologize to me.
But if you come to see me, your fiancee will find out
He should be jealous again and come to trouble me
Rong Yizhen and Wang Rongchang have been arrested
Why is that?
Rong Yizhen and Wang Rongchang cheated our takeaway website and changed it to gambling.
But they never knew
In fact, I have already expected
Put a bug code on the website and put them in jail
So it's all in your plan
I didn't do all this to clear the way.
In order for us to be better together in the future
Are you still mad at me after knowing the truth?
Then you don't blame me if I'm with Zhao Lian'an
If you come to me, you won't be afraid of him hitting you.
Your acting is so bad
I already saw it
But I'm still pissed why didn't you discuss it with me
make up your own mind
Am I so unworthy of your trust?
So
No way.
Did you and Zhao Lian'an fake it?
People who don't want to be dads still speak so incongruously
I'm going to be a dad
Time Yang
Oh, thank you kindly.
Willing to keep him without knowing the truth